we also recall
that are the modulus of zed gives the
distance of z
from oh
[Music]
i see you're interested in mathematics
and poetry that's unusual
is that so that maths textbook
it's pretty advanced stuff my father's a
maths professor at the university
oh actually i'm not really interested in
maths at all
wonderful nor am i i'm in the history
department
i must go now my friend is waiting for
me
i suppose i've been disturbing you
no in that case may i ask your name
aren't you going to ask me mine no
come on
[Music]
i want coffee now what
you talked to him for 15 minutes and you
don't know his name
one minute at the moment
if you're so keen on him why don't you
go back and ask him
so you don't like him
no i have no reason to like him
[Music]
you know it's not easy for men to talk
to us we shouldn't be so
hard on them nice hair
nice eyes yes
but so what i have nice eyes too
and one pair is enough
[Music]
you